Added ADR (#2)
GenesisEducationKyiv/front-end-school-3-0-vlad0syk: ADR.md

> ## Architectural Decision Record: Optimizing TrackItem Component and Track List Scalability

Reviewer: Based on what I’ve read, it seems to me that this ADR is not only about scalability, but also about performance, considering the use of `useMemo` and `useCallback`. That’s why I would suggest reflecting this in the ADR title.

Author: I made changes. Is it better now?

> ## Architectural Decision Record: Improving Performance and Scalability of TrackItem and TrackList Components

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## ADR-001: Improving Performance and Scalability of TrackItem and TrackList Components
```

Reviewer 2: Consider assigning a unique identifier to this ADR (e.g., ADR-001). This makes it easier to reference in the future, especially as the number of ADRs grows.

I also recommend storing each ADR in a dedicated directory, either by ID (e.g., adr/adr-001) or by topic (e.g., adr/performance-and-scalability). This improves organization and discoverability.

Author: Okay. I will fix that.

### Status: Proposed

### Context

My application features a `TrackItem` component responsible for displaying an individual music track and managing its playback and associated files. The `App.tsx` component serves as the root component, managing the overall application state, including the list of tracks and playback state. The current `TrackItem` implementation incorporates significant audio playback and file interaction logic directly within the component. As the number of tracks in the `TrackList` grows, and as new features are developed, concerns arise regarding code **maintainability**, rendering **performance**, and overall application **scalability**.

### Decision

I propose implementing the following changes to enhance `TrackItem`, `TrackList`, and the `App.tsx` architecture:

> 1.  **Extract Audio Player Logic into a Custom Hook (`useAudioPlayer`)**: Encapsulate all logic related to the `<audio>` element, playback, pausing, progress tracking, and audio event handling into a specialized React hook. This will allow `TrackItem` to focus on rendering, and `App.tsx` to only manage the `playingTrackId`.

Reviewer: The entire logic of the Audio Player — will it be moved only into a separate hook, or could it possibly become a separate reusable component? I’m a bit unclear on that.

Author: You're absolutely right to ask for clarification. According to this ADR, the audio playback logic will be moved into a custom hook useAudioPlayer, not a standalone component. The intention is to encapsulate the imperative and event-based audio control logic in a reusable and testable way, while keeping TrackItem focused purely on UI rendering.

> 2.  **Utilize `React.memo` for `TrackItem`**: Wrap the `TrackItem` component with `React.memo` to prevent unnecessary re-renders when its props haven't changed. This is critical for `TrackList` performance.

Reviewer 2: You're right in considering React.memo, but it's most effective when used with components that are expensive to render or receive frequently changing props.

In your case, the component seems relatively lightweight, so the actual performance gain might be negligible.

If you're facing excessive re-renders, it's often better to look into optimizing your component hierarchy or managing state more effectively — for example, using a global store to avoid prop drilling.

React.memo can still be useful, but it's important to measure performance impact rather than apply it preemptively.

> 3.  **Apply `useCallback` to Callback Functions in `App.tsx` and `TrackList.tsx`**: For `React.memo` to be effective, callback functions passed down from `App.tsx` to `TrackList.tsx` and further to `TrackItem.tsx` (e.g., `onSelect`, `onPlayToggle`, `onEdit`, `onDelete`, `onUploadFile`, `onDeleteFileWithConfirmation`) must be memoized using `useCallback`. This ensures that the references to these functions do not change on every re-render of the parent component, preventing unnecessary re-renders of child components wrapped in `React.memo`.

Author: I made changes
